yoyoyoyoyoyoyo here fast I swear to god
man I'm good Oh i ah Jesus and then I
was actually so sad like all you guys
recruiting like four people at once or
something oh hey listen like I woke up I
woke up and I saw that I saw this
message from scares you would like I'm
sorry I'm actually gonna search enough
I'm so I wailing give me sec you you
okay throw me so hard dude sorry if I
gave you the wrong impression about the
phase wonders and then it said smiley
face on Michael I'll like wake up and I
gotta go to sleep but I really don't
want to get your hopes up I like no like
she just woke up I like fuck no oh my
god yeah I like first I thought like at
first I thought like that there's no way
because I saw rain rain DN me as well
like I like that there's no like that
there's no I thought I really kill this
one I was actually pretty like it I
thought I feel this and then I saw you I
saw it between something else in your
gonna recruit some unexpected so I like
okay maybe maybe there's too much hype i
don't know you're just gonna recruit
just gonna do something different and
i'll actually so upset i said and i
don't know her fucking I would let you
go hey I was just playing with gay now I
wasn't really paying attention xbox and
within deuce rain was in my fucking
party I like what I'm so I'm still in
the party I'm like what the fuck is
going on and he actually you know how
you recruited me he fucking he asked in
Dutch do you want to join our
organization you try to fight so i
pronouncing the dutch words hey whats up
guys its cares hear what you guys just
heard was ruler explaining what just
happened with the whole phase one
challenge so if you guys don't know
ruler ended up winning the phase or
recruitment challenge today there was a
video upload on phase with reem
recruiting him he actually says it in
duct it's pretty fucking awesome and
actually a lot of you guys out there
gonna be like scarce why did really join
you were saying that this recruit was
going to be super unexpected and
everyone already thought really was
joining well the reason why was because
i actually really wanted to troll really
the thing is is really really
thought he was going to join faze and I
want to have a good reaction I want him
to freak the fuck out so what I did was
you know I created this whole thing of
where everyone thought you know this was
going to be unexpected and stuff I said
it in the phase upload I said in my
videos and I also tweeted out a bunch
and what happened was me and rain also
trolled ruler by you know messaging him
I met him a few messages on skype saying
like I'm sorry man we're not really
gonna pick you up or anything like that
and you know I just I was really really
trolling him and I kind of felt bad for
but at least he joined faze which i
think is awesome rain also DM thriller
saying scarce is gay I told him 20 times
I've wanted you to win I hate him and
obviously he was just like acting it out
he was saying that to ruler just to make
ruler you know get his hopes down and
then once he actually ended up joining
he would freak the fuck out so I'm sorry
for trolling all of you guys I'm sorry I
had to do it my video but I just did
that so the recruitment would go down
perfectly and I'm super super happy went
down so well I didn't think he was gonna
have a very good reaction I thought it
was gonna be like oh fuck this shit but
if you guys actually watched Kay's video
today ruler was so depressed man ruler
was actually extremely sad he was even
telling k he's like dude I cannot
believe I'm not joining faze like I've
tried so hard for the last three years
and he was just really really depressed
he didn't he was joining it all because
i already said and phases upload the day
before that we were gonna have a
surprise recruitment and already was
done and someone already ended up
joining faze and he obviously didn't
join faze at that point so he was
actually very very sad and what happened
was he ended up joining faze only a few
minutes later which I think's fucking
awesome like he definitely deserved it
and I know a lot of you guys out there
gonna say all fucky scares you know this
person deserved or that person deserved
it but ruler has put in so much time
into Phase I mean he's been doing the
last two phase five seed in the top 20
twice I mean there's only a few people
that have been in the top 20 twice and
that's like ruler and super in just a
few snipers that I've actually done that
so I think it's fucking awesome man he
definitely deserved to be in phase and
he did a great great job during this
recruitment challenge his introducing
episode will be up on face tomorrow it's
being edited by phase Barker it actually
looks amazing I'm very very excited
about this tomorrow so definitely get
excited for that and I hope you guys did
enjoy the little troll recruitment
hopefully we could do some more trolls
in the future but I don't think any of
you guys were ever gonna believe me ever
again because I feel like all of you
guys are just gonna think I'm lying
whenever I talk about it being
unexpected but I thought that was an
extremely fun recruitment I mean
obviously all recruitment
a phase are fucking awesome and also I'm
pretty sure we are going to end up
picking up some more people to phase
within this month some leaders are down
to do it some leaders aren't so
hopefully we were able to do something
like that but as you guys know there is
going to be a phase 5 recruitment
challenge coming out in two months time
which is going to be fucking sick and
that will definitely be a very very big
recruitment challenge all of you guys
are invited to actually go for this
recruitment challenge too so all of you
guys gonna have a chance at actually
getting into phase or just blowing your
YouTube channels up which would be
fucking awesome so that's gonna know my
commentary for today guys hopefully you
guys didn't join if you did leave a
thumbs up you also have the other two
videos on the screen here subscribe if
you're new I'll see you later peace